I'm going to take a look at this one.
Oh, hello.
Hey, got four.
... ... ... ... ... ... ...
First thing to work.
What's that?
What is it?
Eight.
... ... ...
Hey, that's cute.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
You have a year to use this voucher.
Our next flight departs at 1.40.
Arriving at approximately 2.30.
If you're interested in this, again, we are seeking two additional volunteers to take these later flights for a free route of the ticket voucher.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to slide 1751-7 to Myrtle Beach.
You are welcome to carry on one item of baggage plus one personal item.
This may include a purse, briefcase, and a hot computer.
If you may have more than one piece of carry on luggage and one personal item, we can check as if you stay in the doorway.
We will be having to take that for you.
All participants and boarding houses are part with an F.R.A.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.C.E.
Oh, what is this?
We are boarding.